Create and configure storage services and upload files and objects using Amazon EFS

* set region to Tokyo and follow below steps *

1. go to https://aws.amazon.com, sign in using root user email and password
2. in the console home or dashboard, in the search bar at the top type "EC2" and open the service
3. create an instance, name it "efs1" and "Amazon linux" as OS image
4. create a new keypair called "nfs" and store it as RSA .pem format
5. under "firewall", choose "create security group"
    check all three traffics (ssh, http, https)
6. let the storage be 10gb and click "Launch instance"
    successfully created an instance called "efs1"
7. create another instance, name it "efs2" and "Amazon linux" as OS image
8. now create another instance called "efs2"
9. name it "efs2", select same keypair "nfs"
10. click on "select existing security group" and choose the security group of "efs1" instance
    to choose the same security group, open EC2 dashboard in a new tab and check the security group name
11. also check the availability zone, if it is "ap-northeast-1c", in the "edit" field click on "subnet"
    and choose some other availability zone, like "ap-northeast-1d" in my case
    * DO NOT CHOOSE THE SAME ZONE, CHOOSE A DIFFERENT ZONE *
    make sure you select the same launch-wizard for both the instances, in my case "launch-wizard-20" for both
12. change the storage to 10gb and click on "Launch instance"
13. now make sure that both have different availability zones, but the same security group (launch-wizard)
14. now in the left side panel, scroll to "Network and security", select "Security groups"
15. click on the "security group id" link of your security group, mine "launch-wizard-20"
16. go to "inbound rules" section and click on "edit inbound rules"
17. click on "add rule" and do the following: NFS and source: anywhere ipv4, click on "save rules"
18. now go to console home/dashboard adn search for "efs" and open the service
19. click on "create file system" and give name: "efsdemo" and click on "customize"
20. scroll down and click next, you will come to "Network access" page
21. MOST IMPORTANT STEP :
    click on the cross button for those 3 security groups, DO NOT CLICK ON REMOVE
    now open EC2 dashboard in another tab, and copy the actual security group code of your securtiy group
    like: sg-0e0e0e0e0e0e0e0e0 and paste them three times in the "security groups" field
    then click next
22. in "file system policy" page, click on next
    in "review and create" page, scroll down and click on "create"
23. we successfully created a file system called "efsdemo"
24. now get back to EC2 dashboard and click on "instances" in the left side panel
25. now connect to both the instances in 2 new tabs, you should be able to differentiate them so be careful
26. type the command in both the instances:
    sudo su
    mkdir efs
    yum install -y amazon-efs-utils
27. now go back to "efs" page and click on "efsdemo"
28. at the top right, click on "attach" and copy the second command: "using the NFs client" command
29. go back to both the instances and paste the command
30. now type the comamnds in both the instances:
    ls
    cd efs
31. now carefully, create a file in efs1 instance only using command: touch efs1.txt
    DO THIS IN efs1 INSTANCE
32. now go back to efs2 instance in other tab, and type: ls
    you will see that the file "efs1.txt" is also present in efs2 instance
33. type command ls in both the instances, you must see 2 files in both the instances
34. do not forget to terminate the instances and delete the file system after the lab

